what's going on everybody's your homeboy
cable on network here I'm chilling out
maxing out playing some destiny yes I'm
destiny alright guys if you wonder what
i'm doing this video i'm actually for me
if you want to see that video go to my
channel it's the second video behind
this video all right now this beer i'm
going to be talking about farming
vanguard martes legendary engrams and
exotic weapons let's do this all right
now the best way to get high quality
weapons I said before is the events the
random events that happened on Earth
Moon Venus all of them yeah you see you
see the type of farming we do crazy
right but anyway um basically guys those
events give exotic weapons hell I got my
exotic sniper from this event yes I
actually beat the devil Walker and I got
the exotic sniper brewing seriously it
wasn't even in an Engram I actually got
my icebreaker doing this it's crazy
right now you can also get a variety of
legendary weapons you can get a sin
discharge you can get ascended energy
and ascended energy is what you actually
need to upgrade a lot of your weapons
sending shards as well to me it's hard
to get us into shards this is the only
way I've actually found to be able to
get us in the charge putting the
comments if you agree as well all right
you guys I'm gonna let you notice right
now we are you to know we're looking at
partner youtubers to make it big on
YouTube we also allow people to live
streaming make money we sponsor live
streamers I'll make a video about that
later i'm working with face rig right
now on fixing up program so i can get
back to doing that but anyway guys now
basically you're gonna keep on doing
these events now they come in my opinion
they come every about 10 to 15 minutes
some people say oh I've been the whole
hour but you got to think to these
events come on certain parts of the
planet if you're too far away you
actually will not be able to catch the
event in time but hey that's okay all
you have to do is catch another one they
happen 10 to 15 minutes no problem hey
you this is the best way to get the
Vanguard marks exotic legendary weapons
in grams through these events I made a
video saying that this was the best week
at the vanguard marks but I really
understood this events actual potential
which is the best way to get you oh if
you wondering what um ascendant shards
are I'll show you
in my Vanguard gear you need ascendant
shards to upgrade your Vanguard gear to
get it to its most powerful potential
all right you guys now let's get into
something else as well we are also
launching our pivot right network that
you will be able to sell your animation
online yes you can actually do that
we're working on that later on linking
descriptions for everything that I'm
talking about as well in this video all
right I'm actually I'm playing my
friends now me and my emoji team the CLN
fire team will be making videos later on
we'll be live stream as well we've
actually been slacking on that I
apologize this mel chappell on my part
because I've been doing naruto
revolution stuff i'm actually working a
lot of an hour to revolution stuff make
sure to check out that in the future
guys links in description below all
right um but yeah we're gonna be talking
about my weapon tree we already did a
basic introduction of ourselves you
haven't seen that video then you can go
on the channel is under the playlist CL
and fire team oh oh nice texture balance
is there bungee all right you guys fees
I'll talk so they make sure to subscribe
for more epic videos and make sure to
follow us on Twitch bye-bye